README.md, before:

# nbascoreboardproject
# NBA Scoreboard

## Code: KY Web/Dev Project

NBA Scores is a website meant to display current games being played, while updating the score until game is complete. There will also be an option to click into each game and see the players with the most highlighted statistics (i.e. Lebron James 27 pts, 11 ast, 2 stl, 0 tov):

1. HOME PAGE: This page will show current scores for the day and highlight players stats from those games. The informantion will be pulled from the API provided by BallDon'tLie.

2. SECOND PAGE: If you click on a button in the top left corner of the homepage, you will be shown the schedule for the current NBA season in its entirety.

## Project Features

For this project, I have elected to include the following 4 features from the Web/Dev 2 requirement list:

1. "Visualize data in a user friendly way. (e.g. graph, chart, etc)." I have inserted data that displays scores, time left in the game, amd players stats that pull in data from the NBA API. This data is stored and presented as a scrollable and clickable selection of games and players stats.

2. "Calculate and display data based on an external factor (ex: get the current date, and display how many days remaining until some event)" I will have data upadated in real time of NBA games scores, start times, in game time left, and possesion arrow of which team has the ball in that current moment.

3. "Retrieve data from a third party API and use it to display something in your app." My app will pull data from the NBA API to provide information on games and statsitics.

## Rance Ellison, Code: KY, 2024.

Commit message:

Touched up README, HTML, and CSS

README.md, after:

# nbascoreboardproject
# NBA Scoreboard

## Code: KY Web/Dev Project

NBA Scores is a website meant to display current games being played, while updating the score until game is complete. There will also be an option to click into each game and see the players with the most highlighted statistics (i.e. Lebron James 27 pts, 11 ast, 2 stl, 0 tov):

1. HOME PAGE: This page will show current scores for the day and highlight players stats from those games. The informantion will be pulled from the API provided by BallDon'tLie.

2. SECOND PAGE: If you click on a button in the top left corner of the homepage, you will be shown the schedule for the current NBA season in its entirety.

## Instructions To Run

RUN LOCALLY. CLONE REPOSITORY: InventedSoldier/nbascoreboardproject
Find Project In Directory: nbascoreboardproject
Open Project (VSCode) .
Right Click On "index.html" and Select "OPEN WITH LIVE SERVER"

## Project Features

For this project, I have elected to include the following 4 features from the Web/Dev 2 requirement list:

1. "Visualize data in a user friendly way. (e.g. graph, chart, etc)." I have inserted data that displays scores, time left in the game, amd players stats that pull in data from Balldontlie API. This data is stored and presented as a scrollable selection of games. I will add players stats and updating scores at a later date.

2. "Analyze data that is stored in arrays, objects, sets or maps and display information about it in your app. (ex: get the current games, and completion of games displayed)

3. "Retrieve data from a third party API and use it to display something in your app." My app will pull data from the NBA API to provide information on games and statsitics.

## Rance Ellison, Code: KY, 2024.
